Open Letter to All Vibe-Coders (Especially Those Using Supabase). DO READ!!!
Discussion
To everyone exploring the world of vibe-coding,
I’m writing this not out of ego, but out of growing concern.

Over the past couple of months, I’ve been testing many vibe-coded apps, mostly the ones being shared here and across various subreddits. First of all, let me say this: it’s great to see people taking initiative, solving problems, launching side-projects, and even making money along the way. That’s how innovation starts.

But this letter isn’t about applauding that. It’s about sending a serious warning to a growing group within this community.

You can’t "vibe" your way around user security.
Many of you are building on tools like Supabase, using platforms like Lovable or Bolt, and pushing prompts to auto-generate full apps. That’s fine for prototyping. But the moment you share your product with the world, you are taking on responsibility, not just for your idea, but for every user who trusts you with their data.

And what I’ve seen lately is deeply alarming.

I’ve come across vibe-coded platforms with public Supabase endpoints exposing full user lists.

I’ve tested apps where I could upgrade myself to premium, delete other users’ data, or tamper with core records, all because PUT or PATCH endpoints were wide open.

In one instance, I didn’t need any special tool or skill. Just a browser, inspect, and a few clicks.

This isn't "hacking."
This is carelessness disguised as innovation.

Let me be clear:
If your idea flops, that’s okay. If your side-project dies in beta, that’s okay.
But if your users’ data is leaked or manipulated because you didn’t know or didn’t care enough to secure your backend, that’s NOT OKAY. That’s negligence.

And for non-technical founders:
If you’re using no-code or AI tools to launch something without understanding the backend, you must know the risks. Just because it’s easy to deploy doesn’t mean it’s safe.

If you don't know, learn. If you can’t fix it, don’t ship it.
You're not building toys anymore. You're building trust.

This post isn’t coming from a security expert. I’m a developer with 20+ years in web development. And I’m telling you, anyone can inspect network calls and tamper with your poorly configured APIs.

So here’s a simple ask:

Please take security seriously.

Whether it’s Supabase rules, authentication flows, or request validation, do your homework. Secure your endpoints. Ask the platform you're using for help. Don't gamble with user data just because you want to ride the "launch fast" trend.

Build fast, yes, but not blind.
Be creative, but be responsible.

Your users don’t deserve spam or data leaks because someone wanted to ship a vibe-coded MVP in 1-2 days.

Sincerely,
A developer who still believes in quality, even at speed.

EDIT: Here are some tips that i follow and might help people reading:

Lockdown your backend (Supabase policies can help):

Most vibe-coded apps using Supabase or Firebase leave their backend wide open. Anyone who knows your endpoint URL can potentially view or modify sensitive data, like user accounts, subscriptions, or even payment info.

What to do: Don’t rely on default settings. Go into your Supabase project, open the Auth Policies, and restrict everything. By default, deny all access, and only allow specific users to access their own data.

Why: Even if your frontend looks secure, if your backend allows anyone to hit the database directly, you’re not just vulnerable, you’re exposed.

Resource: Supabase RLS Docs

2. Don’t trust the frontend and always validate requests:
Tools like Lovable or Bolt often generate frontend-heavy apps, where important actions (like account upgrades or profile edits) happen purely in the UI, with little to no checks behind the scenes.

What to do: Always assume that anyone can inspect, modify, and resend requests. Validate every request on the backend: check if the user is logged in, if they have the right role, and if they’re even allowed to touch that data.

Why: Frontend code can be faked, replayed, or manipulated. Without real backend validation, a malicious user can do far more than just "test" your app, they can break it.

3. Never expose your secrets, keep keys truly private (Haven't seen it happening in case of Lovable at least):
Accidently exposing env files is common, keeping a tight file security if you're deploying it on your own server.

4. You can ask your favourite AI vibe-coding tools to generate a security audit tasklist based on your project and follow the tasklist and fix all until finished. That should solve most of the issues.


Upvote
121

Downvote

39
Go to comments


1

Share
Share
Join the conversation
Sort by:

Best

Search Comments
Expand comment search
Comments Section
goodtimesKC
•
5h ago
Prompt:

“Audit my project for security issues like those mentioned in this open letter: public Supabase endpoints, unsecured API routes, weak or missing access control, and improperly configured auth rules. Specifically: 1. Check if Supabase tables or RPC functions are publicly accessible without proper Row Level Security (RLS) or role-based permissions. 2. Confirm that users can’t upgrade their own account privileges or delete/edit other users’ data. 3. Ensure all write operations (POST, PUT, PATCH, DELETE) are protected by server-side auth and validation, not just client checks. 4. Identify any hardcoded secrets, misconfigured environment variables, or sensitive data leaks. 5. Generate a security checklist based on my current stack and suggest immediate high-priority fixes.

Assume I want to go from a vibe-coded prototype to a real production-ready app. Refactor anything risky, and explain what you’re doing as you go.”



Upvote
61

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
5h ago
That's really generous of you. I'm sure this will prove helpful for people.



Upvote
5

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

csgraber
•
4h ago
In general, problems and bringing them up

That’s for the lower level employees.

Problems, with a solution - that is senior



Upvote
3

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

ijusthustle
•
4h ago
🤢


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
4h ago
Totally agree. But I'm not trying to help with code/prompts/resource materials. Rather warn and let them figure out.

It's their journey, their choice of platform and most importantly their learnings.

Although, if you read carefully, I've given a solution path, But I like this prompt solution precise for most use-cases and loved it.



Upvote
0

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

csgraber
•
4h ago
Lower level. Gotcha

, it’s also a business opportunity

Audit site pointing out the problem and tell him how to fix it for a price



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
4h ago
Many people are doing it. I'm not interested in audits and asking price for patching etc. That's not my business, could be someone else's.

I've just emailed respective owners and founders whenever I found it alarming them so they can fix it before any harm.


Upvote
2

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

Mission_Claim_3887
•
5h ago
I appreciate this post as someone who is non technical. I care about user data and I’d hate for breaches to happen if I could have prevented them.

I had been reaching out to developers for months to help me build, they’d quote me up to $8000 for an MVP. For context, $1 is 18x my local currency. I’d have to work for 1 full year and not eat or pay rent to afford that amount of money.

I have been using lovable and Supabase because they were the only tools I could afford. I have an MVP which is taking long to launch because I’m trying to ensure that my user data is secure. In the last few months I’ve become a lawyer,marketer and web developer. I believe most of us “vibe coders” are trying our best given the circumstances we face.



Upvote
11

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
5h ago
Happy to see a non-technical person being responsible before launching. I really appreciate that.

I don't deny the fact that developers charge a lot, and it was very hard to convert ideas to products, and by the time we used to launch, either we lose interest or we see someone else do it. Hence, the vibe-coding became a big thing as it reduced the time delay and money. But all that keeping user data at risk is something i don't feel is ethical. We do end-to-end QA, audits, etc et,c and then release products, and that's what costs the customer, but safeguards the image of them and the users putting trust in them.

I think earlier, it was a very big achievement to build a product and launch it and be reputable. Nowadays, it's like some kid vibecoding sitting in a corner of the world, and you sign up and get rigged, but you can't do anything as you don't personally know or follow them, you just saw a post/ad somewhere and went for it as it was cheap and solving your problem.


Upvote
4

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

csgraber
•
4h ago
Yeah, you don’t need no developers

ChatGPT and reading online can basically take you through the steps. Write a note to check what OP is doing, I’d think I’d also keep an eye out for those hallucinated packages llm like

Just do it step by step


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

u/iseiseje avatar
iseiseje
•
4h ago
This really helpful even for non technical users, We do really want mpv get launched fast, but we need to responsible for user's data too



Upvote
3

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
4h ago
Thank you! Just trying to help people :)


Upvote
4

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

santhiprakashb
•
5h ago
Yes, let us all be responsible.,


Upvote
2

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

Zealousideal-Fig-489
•
5h ago
Yes thank you for the post... So true


Upvote
2

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

u/creatorpro90 avatar
creatorpro90
•
3h ago
🫡


Upvote
2

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

RichAllison
•
48m ago
This is a great letter! Extremely important.

I posted here a few weeks ago about the risks of all these “vibe” coded apps being launched and asking for personal details and payment processing without having a Privacy Policy or even a Terms of Service.

I am in complete agreement with you that these new tools open up a world of innovation, BUT users need to get the fundamentals of business governance right and fully understand the different trading laws around the world (especially if selling in the EU).

My advice before launching or sharing what’s considered to be a product that’s “ready” to deploy to the world, research the laws, secure your backend, THOROUGHLY test and debug with a small user test base, and only when your 100% confident that your business complies, your product is safe and your happy with your customer support that you have in place, then and only then launch & market!



Upvote
2

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
28m ago
Totally agree.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

u/LizardKing_fut avatar
LizardKing_fut
•
4h ago
If you use CC max, for vibe coding, do you believe it is “enough” to use boiler plates open source for the generics and start from there?



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

NoleMercy05
•
4h ago
Look at SuperClaude on github. It adds slash commands to Claude Code. One does OWASP security audit.

SuperClaude

Of course don't just trust that 100% but it is a start


Upvote
2

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

Visible_Produce_6776
•
4h ago
Yea, try Databutton and you won’t have to worry about all these


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

Fragrant_Ad6926
•
4h ago
Sorry for being dumb, but are the vulnerabilities listed on how Supabase is configured? Or is it within the project code? Or both?



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
4h ago
The default Supabase setup with lovable will not give you correct security measures. It'll create DB and keep db open-ended to authenticated users so that the code can query anything it wants. That results into no guardrails and hence the rest api endpoints stay open for all.



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

Fragrant_Ad6926
•
3h ago
Thank you!


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

Soft_Entrepreneur443
•
3h ago
I am also more concerned with usage of AI

I created this AI anti/abuse project that I am completing now for my SaaS … then will create a prompt.

Help me with what’s missing

🛡️ Merged AI Security Plan for QuicklyBees

Goal: Protect …. ) from abuse, cost overruns, and reputational harm.

⸻

✅ PHASE 1 – Immediate Hardening (Week 2)

Block critical threats that could lead to AI misuse, prompt injection, or runaway costs.

🔐 1. Prompt Injection Protection (CRITICAL) • Sanitize and validate user input before passing to OpenAI. • Enforce agent-specific prompt schemas (e.g., Roy should never respond to support queries). • Add instructional signatures in system prompts (e.g., “Only respond in your assigned role…”). • Use OpenAI’s function_call or tool_choice to constrain AI behavior.

📉 2. OpenAI Cost Abuse Prevention (HIGH) • Enforce per-user token tracking and log total usage. • Add daily caps per user/session on OpenAI usage. • Add alerts for unusual token volume, e.g., >50K tokens/hour. • Instrument usage dashboard with cost projection per agent.

🚦 3. AI-Specific Rate Limiting • Create rate limit rules per phone number/session, not just per IP. • Enforce token-based rate limiting, not just message count. • Add max prompt size checks (e.g., 500 tokens/userMessage cap). • Prevent SMS/WhatsApp webhook bypass of rate limits.

🚧 4. Webhook Input Validation • Validate all input from Twilio and WhatsApp using: • Length limits • Profanity checks • Intent parsing (basic NLP guardrails) • Return friendly “Sorry, I didn’t get that” fallback responses if malformed.

⸻

🔍 PHASE 2 – Behavioral & Content Moderation (Week 3)

Moderate harmful content, prevent agent manipulation, and enforce safety rails.

🧼 1. AI Output Moderation & Response Filtering • Use OpenAI Moderation API or Google Perspective API to: • Detect offensive/violent/NSFW output • Prevent reputation-damaging replies • Post-process AI outputs before returning to user.

👁️‍🗨️ 2. Agent Role Enforcement • Lock each agent (…) to task-specific behavior. • Prevent prompt injections like “…..”

📊 3. Session & History Management • Cap conversation histories to reduce memory abuse. • Limit each user to a set number of open threads per day.

🤖 4. Keyword-Based Abuse Detection • Detect repeated abuse patterns: • Overuse of “bank,” “refund,” “hacked” • Attempted impersonation or escalation • Flag or suspend abusive accounts.

⸻

🚀 PHASE 3 – Advanced Monitoring & AI Risk Intelligence (Week 4)

Prepare for scale, VCs, and enterprise-grade scrutiny.

🧠 1. Behavioral ML Anomaly Detection • Flag users with: • Unusually high token usage • Rapid multi-agent switching • Pattern-matched abusive phrasing • Optional: Use pre-built detection models from vendors or fine-tuned OpenAI GPT-3.5.

🔁 2. Dynamic Rate Limits • Adapt limits based on usage patterns, time of day, or reputation score. • Consider progressive penalties (e.g., slower response, AI mute).

📜 3. Full Audit Trail & Moderation Dashboard • Log all: • Incoming messages • OpenAI requests/responses • Token usage per agent/user/session • Build admin dashboard for reviewing flagged abuse or cost anomalies.

📎 4. Legal & Terms of Use Update • Add clear disclaimers about AI limitations and expected behavior. • Update TOS to explicitly prohibit prompt abuse or malicious intent.

⸻

✅ Summary Table: Protection Coverage

Area Status After Plan Phase Prompt Injection ✅ Covered 1 AI Rate Limits ✅ Covered 1 Cost Monitoring ✅ Covered 1 Webhook Input Filtering ✅ Covered 1 Content Moderation ✅ Covered 2 Agent Role Integrity ✅ Covered 2 AI Output Filtering ✅ Covered 2 Anomaly Behavior Logging ✅ Covered 3 Adaptive Rate Limits ✅ Covered 3 Audit Trail ✅ Covered 3



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
3h ago
Nice. Looks helpful.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

asganawayaway
•
3h ago
Ai slop



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

Soft_Entrepreneur443
•
3h ago
Tell me more bro 😎



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

asganawayaway
•
2h ago
Well what you just wrote it’s unreadable at first don’t you Tongi



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

Soft_Entrepreneur443
•
2h ago
No what’s that I meant add a table 😱😭


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

AkmalAlif
•
3h ago
someone needs to make a dedicated course for security for vibe coding



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
3h ago
Nice idea. I'm sure someone will vibe-code that too and start selling 😂


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

workeatworksleep
•
2h ago
100% agree with everything you're saying here. On another note, I think there's a huge opportunity for someone who knows development and security well (like you!) to start a service based business providing a pre-launch security check to help and educate vibe coders.



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
2h ago
Thank you.

I'm not a security expert at all. I'm just a developer. But as a part of my development processes for corporates, I learned how much security is important. Even if it's a simple 1 page html/css/js website. These people still go through security audits and wait for VAPT reports and then ask us to fix if anything found.

So definitely, it's important.


Upvote
2

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

driftercode
•
2h ago
Are people actually deploying their no-code dev app MVPs for production!!???? Y'all gonna get sued!


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

u/Uncle-Ndu avatar
Uncle-Ndu
•
2h ago
This is really insightful. And yes, if you try to export your code out of lovable, your keys are hard-coded to the files.

OP please, in your free time. Can you help run a quick check on forms.crunchtrove.com



Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

hncvj
OP
•
1h ago
Yup, checked it. With a simple test, I'm able to fetch all forms of all users. Probably i can edit forms of others as well if i dig deeper. You can start looking at this issue.


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

fraisey99
•
1h ago
So thankful i had professional experience before chatGPT came out


Upvote
1

Downvote

Reply
reply

Award

Share
Share

u/VictorNightOwl avatar
VictorNightOwl
•
34m ago
Thank u that was really helpful!! I understand security but I don’t know how to test the vulnerability and I’m looking into it!